# Group Meeting Overview

## Meeting Details
- Date: 11/13/2017
- Time: 2pm
- Location: Chichester I Lab 1

## Members Present
- Daniel Arthur (DA)
- Harry Collins (HC)
- Loic Verrall (LV)

## Items Discussed
- LV was elected as the project manager.
- The customer sent through the first specification so those requirements were discussed and a series of questions to be sent to the customer were formulated.
- DA created a Git repository for the project.
- All present members accessed the GitHub repository and made sure they could access it okay. Absent members were notified and they accessed the repo straight away.

## Actions for Next Meeting
- All members agreed to research the production of Android apps to ensure a smooth start to the project.
