# Group Meeting Overview

## Meeting Details
- Date: 23/11/2017
- Time: 1pm
- Location: Richmond floor 4

## Members Present
- Daniel Arthur (DA)
- Harry Collins (HC)
- Mark Paice (MP)
- Alex Tang (AT)
- Loic Verrall (LV)

## Items Discussed
- Team discussion on outstanding work due for task 4.
- Discussed different hot-spot overlay options.
- GUI interface.
- Discussed different settings options

## Actions for Next Meeting
- Finish off any oustanding work.
- Push all new and last minute commits for task 4.


