# Group Meeting Overview

## Meeting Details
- Date: 28/11/2017
- Time: 2pm
- Location: Lab 1

## Members Present
- Daniel Arthur (DA)
- Mark Paice (MP)
- Alex Tang (AT)
- Loic Verrall (LV)

## Items Discussed
- Discussed potential task 5 ideas including:
- Heat map intensity scaling to returned price paid data
- Additional settings menu options to account for additional functionality
- Indexing of the server database to improve response times and modified server side code to account for this
- Additional datasets and how to implement/diplay them
- Functionality to select location for heat map via point selection/postcode entry

- Also discussed team composition, majority of extensions are going to be client side, shift bias of team to client side ?(4:1).

## Actions for Next Meeting
- Inform Harry of above.
- Complete research on proposals for additional functionality to implement.
- Produce concrete final list of these.
- Fix Travis/Code Climate issues.


